README.md, before:

# interval-sdk

## API

See `src/demos/basic.py` and `src/tests` for a better overview, but in short:

```python
from interval_sdk import Interval, IO

# Initialize Interval
interval = Interval(
    "API_KEY",
    endpoint="wss://intervalkit.com/websocket",
    log_level="debug",
)

# Add an action using the function name as the slug
@interval.action
async def hello_interval():
    return {"hello": "from python!"}

# Add an action using a custom slug (can contain periods and hyphens)
@interval.action_with_slug('echo-message')
async def echo_message(io: IO):
    [message] = await io.group(io.input.text("Hello!", help_text="From python!"))

    return {"message": message}


# Synchronously listen, blocking forever
interval.listen()
```

To not block, interval can also be run asynchronously using
`interval.listen_async()`. You must provide your own event loop.

The task will complete as soon as connection to Interval completes, so you
likely want to run forever or run alongside another permanent task.

```python
import asyncio

# This is what synchronous `listen()` does under the hood
loop = asyncio.new_event_loop()
loop.create_task(interval.listen_async())
loop.run_forever()
```

## Contributing

This project uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency
management

1. `poetry install` to install dependencies
2. `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment

Tasks are configured using [poethepoet](https://github.com/nat-n/poethepoet)
(installed as a dev dependency).

- `poe demo [demo_name]` to run a demo (`basic` by default if `demo_name` omitted)
- `poe test` to run `pytest` (can also run `pytest` directly in virtual env)

## Tests

Tests use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/) and
[playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/).

Currently assumes the `test-runner@interval.com` user exists already.
Run `yarn test` in the `web` directory at least once to create it before
running these.

Commit message:

Add task and note about formatting with black

README.md, after:

# interval-sdk

## API

See `src/demos/basic.py` and `src/tests` for a better overview, but in short:

```python
from interval_sdk import Interval, IO

# Initialize Interval
interval = Interval(
    "API_KEY",
    endpoint="wss://intervalkit.com/websocket",
    log_level="debug",
)

# Add an action using the function name as the slug
@interval.action
async def hello_interval():
    return {"hello": "from python!"}

# Add an action using a custom slug (can contain periods and hyphens)
@interval.action_with_slug('echo-message')
async def echo_message(io: IO):
    [message] = await io.group(io.input.text("Hello!", help_text="From python!"))

    return {"message": message}


# Synchronously listen, blocking forever
interval.listen()
```

To not block, interval can also be run asynchronously using
`interval.listen_async()`. You must provide your own event loop.

The task will complete as soon as connection to Interval completes, so you
likely want to run forever or run alongside another permanent task.

```python
import asyncio

# This is what synchronous `listen()` does under the hood
loop = asyncio.new_event_loop()
loop.create_task(interval.listen_async())
loop.run_forever()
```

## Contributing

This project uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency
management

1. `poetry install` to install dependencies
2. `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment

Tasks are configured using [poethepoet](https://github.com/nat-n/poethepoet)
(installed as a dev dependency).

- `poe demo [demo_name]` to run a demo (`basic` by default if `demo_name` omitted)
- `poe test` to run `pytest` (can also run `pytest` directly in virtual env)

Code is formatted using [Black](https://github.com/psf/black). Please configure
your editor to format on save using Black, or run `poe format` to format the
code before committing changes.

## Tests

Tests use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/) and
[playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/).

Currently assumes the `test-runner@interval.com` user exists already.
Run `yarn test` in the `web` directory at least once to create it before
running these.
